README.md, before:

![Full-Stack Kingdom](./images/header_FSK.png)

## Date: Nov 2, 2022

---

### **_Team Members_**

# JAL --> add your portfolio website, once it is up and running

#### Josh Levine [Website]() | [GitHub](https://github.com/jadlevine) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshua-adam-levine/)

#### Olivia Schwartz [Website]() | [GitHub]() | [LinkedIn]()

#### Roberto J Rodriguez [Website]() | [GitHub]() | [LinkedIn]()

#### Madeline Ashley [Website]() | [GitHub]() | [LinkedIn]()

---

### **_Description_**

A MERN stack application for planning a day at the fictional "Full-Stack Kingdom".

---

### **_Technologies Used_**

![Tech Used](./images/tech_banner_FSK.png)

---

### **_Getting Started_**

# JAL--> [Heroku link needs activated](https://full-stack-kingdom.herokuapp.com/)

To use this application, use the deployed version on Heroku, [here]()

You can see the planning of this project on [Trello](https://trello.com/b/P81pk3NA/theme-park-stack-a-thon)

Using the application

1. Begin by creating a schedule in the left panel. Include a date, and any notes, then click the **Create Schedule** button.
2. Scroll through the list of attractions in the right panel. For each attraction, you can view details about the attraction, and if interested, click the **Add to Schedule** button. The scheudle will automatically be updated anytime you add an attraction.
3. To start over, click the **Delete Schedule** button.

#JAL --> CONFIRM DELETE SCHEDULE BUTTON

---

### **_Screenshots_**

#### Home Page

![home page](./images/home_page_screenshot_FSK.png)

#### Scheduled Attractions

## ![scheduled attractions](./images/scheduled_attractions_screenshot_FSK.png)

### **_Future Updates_**

# JAL --> Beef this up, add completed stuff from trello... change completed things to strikethrough?

- [x] Bug Fix Complete
- [ ] Time Budget
- [ ] Filterable attraction search functionality
- [ ] Delete specific attractions from scheduled attractions list

---

### **_Credits_**

#### Markdown Cheatsheet: [MarkdownGuide.org](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/)

Commit message:

deployed link added to readme

README.md, after:

![Full-Stack Kingdom](./images/header_FSK.png)

## Date: Nov 2, 2022

---

### **_Team Members_**

#### Josh Levine [Website]() | [GitHub](https://github.com/jadlevine) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshua-adam-levine/)

#### Olivia Schwartz [Website]() | [GitHub]() | [LinkedIn]()

#### Roberto J Rodriguez [Website]() | [GitHub]() | [LinkedIn]()

#### Madeline Ashley [Website]() | [GitHub]() | [LinkedIn]()

---

### **_Description_**

A MERN stack application for planning a day at the fictional "Full-Stack Kingdom".

---

### **_Technologies Used_**

![Tech Used](./images/tech_banner_FSK.png)

---

### **_Getting Started_**

To use this application, use the deployed version on Heroku, [here](https://full-stack-kingdom-jal.herokuapp.com/)

You can see the planning of this project on Trello, [here](https://trello.com/b/P81pk3NA/theme-park-stack-a-thon)

Using the application

1. Begin by creating a schedule in the left panel. Include a date, and any notes, then click the **Create Schedule** button.
2. Scroll through the list of attractions in the right panel. For each attraction, you can view details about the attraction, and if interested, click the **Add to Schedule** button. The scheudle will automatically be updated anytime you add an attraction.
3. To start over, click the **Delete Schedule** button.

---

### **_Screenshots_**

#### Create Schedule Form

![home page](./images/home_page_screenshot_FSK.png)

#### Active Schedule

## ![scheduled attractions](./images/scheduled_attractions_screenshot_FSK.png)

### **_Future Updates_**

- [x] ~~Link Delete Schedule functionality to back-end~~
- [x] ~~Make Attraction Cards scale to viewport size~~
- [ ] Add dynamic time budget to schedule
- [ ] Add filter options for attractions
- [ ] Add search functionality for attractions
- [ ] Add notes functionality to individual attractions, as they are added to a schedule
- [ ] Allow users to save and come back to schedules
- [ ] Allow users to update their schedule (remove attractions from schedule, rearrange order of attractions, etc...)

---

### **_Credits_**

Font: [Bangers](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Bangers)
